Added docs for Soft Delete - fixes #139 (#141)
directus/docs: guides/soft-delete.md

# Soft Delete

> >  A [Collection](/guides/collections.md) with Soft Delete enabled doesn't delete items permanently, it keeps the data in the database flaged as deleted. You enable Soft Delete on a Collection basis by adding the [Status](/guides/status.md) field to it. Items which are soft-deleted stay in the database but aren't visible in the App or API unless explicitly requested by an Admin [using the `status` parameter](/api/reference.md#status). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>  A [Collection](/guides/collections.md) with Soft Delete enabled doesn't delete items permanently, it keeps the data in the database flagged as deleted. You enable Soft Delete on a Collection basis by adding the [Status](/guides/status.md) field to it. Items which are soft-deleted stay in the database but aren't visible in the App or API unless explicitly requested by an Admin [using the `status` parameter](/api/reference.md#status). 
```

*Status Mapping config of the Status field:*
```JSON
{
    "published": {
        "name": "Published",
        "text_color": "white",
        "background_color": "accent",
        "browse_subdued": false,
        "browse_badge": true,
        "soft_delete": false,
        "published": true
    },
    "draft": {
        "name": "Draft",
        "text_color": "white",
        "background_color": "blue-grey-200",
        "browse_subdued": true,
        "browse_badge": true,
        "soft_delete": false,
        "published": false
    },
    "deleted": {
        "name": "Deleted",
        "text_color": "white",
        "background_color": "red",
        "browse_subdued": true,
        "browse_badge": true,
        "soft_delete": true, 
        "published": false
    }
}
```

When you look at the Status Mapping option `deleted` you see it has a setting `"soft_delete": true`.
You can change the setting to `false` then your Collection does not have soft-delete applied to it anymore in case no other status option has `soft_delete` set to `true`. 

> **Be aware:** When none of the Status Mapping options has `soft_delete` set to `true`, then all delete operations are permanently and will remove your items from the database too! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: warning
When none of the Status Mapping options has `soft_delete` set to `true`, then all delete operations are permanently and will remove your items from the database too! 
:::
```
